♪ She got the mmm. brown eyes. caramel thighs ♪
♪ Long hair. no wedding ring. hey I saw you lookin' from across the way ♪
♪ And now I really wanna know your name
She got the mmm. white dress. but when she’s wearin' less ♪
♪ Man. you know that she drives me crazy ♪
♪ The mmm. brown eyes. beautiful smile
You know I love watching you do your thing ♪
♪ I love her hips. curves. lips say the words
"Te amo. mami. ah. te amo. mami" ♪
♪ I kiss her. this love is like a dream ♪
♪ So join me in this bed that I'm in
Push up on me and sweat. darling ♪
♪ So I’m gonna put my time in
I won't stop until the angels sing ♪
♪ Jump in that water. be free
Come south of the border with me ♪
♪ He got that mmm. green eyes. givin' me signs
That he really wants to know my name—hey ♪
♪ I saw you lookin' from across the way
And suddenly. I'm glad I came. ay ♪
♪ Ven para acá. quiero bailar. toma mi mano
Quiero sentir tu cuerpo en mí. estás temblando ♪
♪ Mmm. green eyes. takin' your time
Now we know we'll never be the same ♪
♪ I love his lips 'cause he says the words
"Te amo. mami. ah. te amo. mami" ♪
♪ Don’t wake up. this love is like a dream ♪
♪ So join me in this bed that I’m in
Push up on me and sweat. darling ♪
♪ So I'm gonna put my time in (Time in)
And won’t stop until the angels sing ♪
♪ Jump in that water. be free
Come south of the border with me ♪
Come south of the border with me (Rrrat) ♪
♪ Flawless diamonds
In a green field near Buenos Aires ♪
♪ Until the sun's rising
We won't stop until the angels sing ♪
♪ Jump in that water. be free
Come south of the border with me ♪
♪ Bardi. uh
You never live 'til you risk your life (Life) ♪
♪ You wanna shine. you gotta get more ice (Ice.
ice. oh) ♪
♪ Am I your lover or I’m just your vice? (Woo.
yeah. yeah) ♪
♪ A little crazy. but I'm just your type (Okurrr) ♪
♪ You want the lips and the curves. need the whips and the furs ♪
♪ And the diamonds I prefer. in my closet. his and hers. ayy ♪
♪ He want the lil' mamacita. margarita (Margarita) ♪
♪ I think that Ed got a lil' jungle fever. ayy
(Woo!) ♪
♪ You are more than (You are more than)
Something borin' (Something borin') ♪
♪ Legs open. tongue out. Michael Jordan. uh (Uh) ♪
♪ Go explore in (Woo. woo) somethin' foreign (Skrrt. skrrt) ♪
♪ Bust it up. a rain forest. it be pourin'.
yeah ♪
♪ Kiss me like you need me. rub me like a genie
Pull up to my spot in Lamborghini ♪
♪ 'Cause you gotta see me. never leave me (Never
leave me) ♪
♪ You got a girl that could finally do it all
Drop a album. drop a baby. but I never drop the ball. uh ♪
♪ So join me in this bed (This bed) that I'm
in (That I'm in) ♪
♪ Push up on me and sweat. darling (Oh no. no. no) ♪
♪ So I'm gonna put my time in
And won't stop until the angels sing ♪
♪ Jump in that water. be free
Come south of the border with me ♪
♪ Come south of the border. border (Hey)
♪ Come south of the border. border
Come south of the border with me ♪
♪ Jump in that water. be free